planner: add documents for cost model variables (#9802) (#10669)
pingcap/docs: sql-physical-optimization.md

- In [Introduction to Statistics](/statistics.md), you will learn what statistics TiDB collects to obtain the data distribution of a table.
- [Wrong Index Solution](/wrong-index-solution.md) introduces how to use the right index when you find the index is selected wrongly.
- [Distinct Optimization](/agg-distinct-optimization.md) introduces an optimization related to the `DISTINCT` keyword during physical optimization. In this section, you will learn its advantages and disadvantages and how to use it.

> - [Cost Model](/cost-model.md) introduces how to choose a optimal execution plan based on the cost model during physical optimization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - [Cost Model](/cost-model.md) introduces how to choose a optimal execution plan based on the cost model during physical optimization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<CustomContent platform="tidb">
- [Cost Model](/cost-model.md) introduces how to choose an optimal execution plan based on the cost model during physical optimization.
</CustomContent>
```
